# Rust API client for openapi

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2018.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
    openapi = { path = "./generated" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8111*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AgentApi* | [**delete_agent**](docs/AgentApi.md#delete_agent) | **delete** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator} | Delete an inactive agent.
*AgentApi* | [**get_agent**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_agent) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator} | Get agent matching the locator.
*AgentApi* | [**get_agent_field**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_agent_field) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**get_agent_pool**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_agent_pool) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/pool | Get the agent pool of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**get_all_agents**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_all_agents) | **get** /app/rest/agents | Get all known agents.
*AgentApi* | [**get_authorized_info**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_authorized_info) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/authorizedInfo | Get the authorization info of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**get_build_configuration_run_policy**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_build_configuration_run_policy) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibilityPolicy | Get the build configuration run policy of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**get_compatible_build_types**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_compatible_build_types) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibleBuildTypes | Get build types compatible with the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**get_enabled_info**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_enabled_info) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/enabledInfo | Check if the matching agent is enabled.
*AgentApi* | [**get_incompatible_build_types**](docs/AgentApi.md#get_incompatible_build_types) | **get** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/incompatibleBuildTypes | Get build types incompatible with the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**set_agent_field**](docs/AgentApi.md#set_agent_field) | **put** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**set_agent_pool**](docs/AgentApi.md#set_agent_pool) | **put** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/pool | Assign the matching agent to the specified agent pool.
*AgentApi* | [**set_authorized_info**](docs/AgentApi.md#set_authorized_info) | **put** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/authorizedInfo | Update the authorization info of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**set_build_configuration_run_policy**](docs/AgentApi.md#set_build_configuration_run_policy) | **put** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibilityPolicy | Update build configuration run policy of agent matching locator.
*AgentApi* | [**set_enabled_info**](docs/AgentApi.md#set_enabled_info) | **put** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/enabledInfo | Update the enablement status of the matching agent.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**add_agent_to_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#add_agent_to_agent_pool) | **post** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/agents | Assign the agent to the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**add_project_to_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#add_project_to_agent_pool) | **post** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Assign the project to the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**create_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#create_agent_pool) | **post** /app/rest/agentPools | Create a new agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**delete_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#delete_agent_pool) | **delete** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Delete the agent pool matching the locator.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**delete_all_projects_from_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#delete_all_projects_from_agent_pool) | **delete** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Unassign all projects from the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**delete_project_from_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#delete_project_from_agent_pool) | **delete** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects/{projectLocator} | Unassign the project from the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**get_agent_pool_of_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#get_agent_pool_of_agent_pool) | **get** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Get the agent pool matching the locator.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**get_all_agent_pools**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#get_all_agent_pools) | **get** /app/rest/agentPools | Get all agent pools.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**get_all_agents_from_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#get_all_agents_from_agent_pool) | **get** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/agents | Get the agent of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**get_all_projects_from_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#get_all_projects_from_agent_pool) | **get** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Get all projects of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**get_field_from_agent_pool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#get_field_from_agent_pool) | **get** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**set_agent_pool_field**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#set_agent_pool_field) | **put** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**set_agent_pool_projects**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#set_agent_pool_projects) | **put** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Update projects of the matching agent pool.
*AuditApi* | [**get_all_audit_events**](docs/AuditApi.md#get_all_audit_events) | **get** /app/rest/audit | Get all audit events.
*AuditApi* | [**get_audit_event**](docs/AuditApi.md#get_audit_event) | **get** /app/rest/audit/{auditEventLocator} | Get audit event matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**add_build_vcs_label**](docs/BuildApi.md#add_build_vcs_label) | **post** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/vcsLabels | Add a VCS label to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**add_log_message_to_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#add_log_message_to_build) | **post** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/log | Adds a message to the build log. Service messages are accepted.
*BuildApi* | [**add_problem_to_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#add_problem_to_build) | **post** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/problemOccurrences | Add a build problem to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**add_tags_to_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#add_tags_to_build) | **post** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**add_tags_to_multiple_builds**](docs/BuildApi.md#add_tags_to_multiple_builds) | **post** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**delete_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#delete_build) | **delete** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | Delete build matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**delete_build_comment**](docs/BuildApi.md#delete_build_comment) | **delete** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/comment | Remove the build comment matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**delete_multiple_build_comments**](docs/BuildApi.md#delete_multiple_build_comments) | **delete** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/comment | Delete comments of multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**delete_multiple_builds**](docs/BuildApi.md#delete_multiple_builds) | **delete** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | Delete multiple builds matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**download_file_of_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#download_file_of_build) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/files{path} | Download specific file.
*BuildApi* | [**get_aggregated_build_status**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_aggregated_build_status) | **get** /app/rest/builds/aggregated/{buildLocator}/status | Get the build status of aggregated matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**get_aggregated_build_status_icon**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_aggregated_build_status_icon) | **get** /app/rest/builds/aggregated/{buildLocator}/statusIcon{suffix} | Get the status icon (in specified format) of aggregated matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**get_all_builds**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_all_builds) | **get** /app/rest/builds | Get all builds.
*BuildApi* | [**get_artifact_dependency_changes**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_artifact_dependency_changes) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifactDependencyChanges | Get artifact dependency changes of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_artifacts_directory**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_artifacts_directory) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifactsDirectory | Get the artifacts' directory of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | Get build matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_actual_parameters**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_actual_parameters) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resulting-properties | Get actual build parameters of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_field**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_field) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_finish_date**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_finish_date) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finishDate | Get the finish date of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_number**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_number) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/number | Get the number of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_pin_info**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_pin_info) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Check if the matching build is pinned.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_problems**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_problems) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/problemOccurrences | Get build problems of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_related_issues**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_related_issues) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/relatedIssues | Get related issues of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_resolved**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_resolved) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resolved/{value} | Get the resolvement status of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_resulting_properties**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_resulting_properties) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resulting-properties/{propertyName} | Update a build parameter of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_source_file**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_source_file) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/sources/files/{fileName} | Get a source file of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_statistic_value**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_statistic_value) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statistics/{name} | Get a statistical value of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_statistic_values**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_statistic_values) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statistics | Get all statistical values of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_status_icon**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_status_icon) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusIcon{suffix} | Get the status icon (in specified format) of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_status_text**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_status_text) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusText | Get the build status text of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_tags**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_tags) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Get tags of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_test_occurrences**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_test_occurrences) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/testOccurrences | Get test occurrences of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_build_vcs_labels**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_build_vcs_labels) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/vcsLabels | Get VCS labels of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**get_canceled_info**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_canceled_info) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/canceledInfo | Check if the matching build is canceled.
*BuildApi* | [**get_file_metadata_of_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_file_metadata_of_build) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*BuildApi* | [**get_files_list_for_subpath_of_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_files_list_for_subpath_of_build) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/{path} | List files under this path.
*BuildApi* | [**get_files_list_of_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_files_list_of_build) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts | List all files.
*BuildApi* | [**get_multiple_builds**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_multiple_builds) | **get** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | Get multiple builds matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**get_zipped_file_of_build**](docs/BuildApi.md#get_zipped_file_of_build) | **get** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*BuildApi* | [**mark_build_as_running**](docs/BuildApi.md#mark_build_as_running) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/runningData | Starts the queued build as an agent-less build and returns the corresponding running build.
*BuildApi* | [**pin_multiple_builds**](docs/BuildApi.md#pin_multiple_builds) | **put** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Pin multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**remove_multiple_build_tags**](docs/BuildApi.md#remove_multiple_build_tags) | **delete** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/tags | Remove tags from multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**reset_build_finish_properties**](docs/BuildApi.md#reset_build_finish_properties) | **delete** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/caches/finishProperties | Remove build parameters from the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**set_build_comment**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_build_comment) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/comment | Update the comment on the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**set_build_finish_date**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_build_finish_date) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finishDate | Marks the running build as finished by passing agent the current time of the build to finish.
*BuildApi* | [**set_build_number**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_build_number) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/number | Update the number of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**set_build_pin_info**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_build_pin_info) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Update the pin info of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**set_build_status_text**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_build_status_text) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusText | Update the build status of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**set_build_tags**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_build_tags) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Update tags of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**set_finished_time**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_finished_time) | **put** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finish | Marks the running build as finished by passing agent the current time of the build to finish.
*BuildApi* | [**set_multiple_build_comments**](docs/BuildApi.md#set_multiple_build_comments) | **put** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/comment | Update comments in multiple matching builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**add_build_to_queue**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#add_build_to_queue) | **post** /app/rest/buildQueue | Add a new build to the queue.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**add_tags_to_build_of_build_queue**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#add_tags_to_build_of_build_queue) | **post** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to the matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**cancel_queued_build**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#cancel_queued_build) | **post** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Cancel a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**delete_all_queued_builds**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#delete_all_queued_builds) | **delete** /app/rest/buildQueue | Delete all queued builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**delete_queued_build**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#delete_queued_build) | **delete** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Delete a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**get_all_queued_builds**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#get_all_queued_builds) | **get** /app/rest/buildQueue | Get all queued builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**get_compatible_agents_for_build**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#get_compatible_agents_for_build) | **get** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator}/compatibleAgents | Get compatible agents for a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**get_queued_build**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#get_queued_build) | **get** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Get a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**get_queued_build_position**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#get_queued_build_position) | **get** /app/rest/buildQueue/order/{queuePosition} | Get the queue position of a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**get_queued_build_tags**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#get_queued_build_tags) | **get** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/tags | Get tags of the queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**set_queued_build_position**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#set_queued_build_position) | **put** /app/rest/buildQueue/order/{queuePosition} | Update the queue position of a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**set_queued_builds_order**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#set_queued_builds_order) | **put** /app/rest/buildQueue/order | Update the build queue order.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_agent_requirement_to_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_agent_requirement_to_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Add an agent requirement to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_artifact_dependency_to_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_artifact_dependency_to_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Add an artifact dependency to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_build_feature_to_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_build_feature_to_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Add build feature to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_build_step_to_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_build_step_to_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Add a build step to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_build_template**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_build_template) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Add a build template to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_parameter_to_build_feature**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_parameter_to_build_feature) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Update build feature parameter for the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_parameter_to_build_step**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_parameter_to_build_step) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Add a parameter to a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_snapshot_dependency_to_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_snapshot_dependency_to_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Add a snapshot dependency to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_trigger_to_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_trigger_to_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Add a trigger to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**add_vcs_root_to_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#add_vcs_root_to_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Add a VCS root to the matching build.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**create_build_parameter_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#create_build_parameter_of_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Create a build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**create_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#create_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/buildTypes | Create a new build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_agent_requirement**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_agent_requirement) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Remove an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_artifact_dependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_artifact_dependency) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Remove an artifact dependency from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_build_parameter_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_build_parameter_of_build_type) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Delete build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_build_parameters_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_build_parameters_of_build_type) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Delete all build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_build_step**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_build_step) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Delete a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_build_step_parameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_build_step_parameters) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters | Update a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_build_type) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator} | Delete build configuration matching the locator.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_feature_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_feature_of_build_type) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Remove a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_snapshot_dependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_snapshot_dependency) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Delete a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_trigger**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_trigger) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Delete a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**delete_vcs_root_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#delete_vcs_root_of_build_type) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Remove a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**download_file_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#download_file_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/files{path} | Download specific file.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_agent_requirement**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_agent_requirement) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Get an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_agent_requirement_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_agent_requirement_parameter) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a setting of an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_aliases**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_aliases) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/aliases | Get external IDs of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_agent_requirements**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_agent_requirements) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Get all agent requirements of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_artifact_dependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_artifact_dependencies) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Get all artifact dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_branches_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_branches_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/branches | Get all branches of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_build_feature_parameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_build_feature_parameters) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters | Get all parameters of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_build_features**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_build_features) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Get all build features of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_build_step_parameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_build_step_parameters) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters | Get all parameters of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_build_steps**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_build_steps) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Get all build steps of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_build_templates**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_build_templates) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Get all build templates of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_build_types**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_build_types) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes | Get all build configurations.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_investigations_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_investigations_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/investigations | Get all investigations of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_snapshot_dependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_snapshot_dependencies) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Get all snapshot dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_triggers**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_triggers) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Get all triggers of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_all_vcs_roots_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_all_vcs_roots_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Get all VCS roots of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_artifact_dependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_artifact_dependency) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Get an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_artifact_dependency_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_artifact_dependency_parameter) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a parameter of an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_feature**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_feature) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Get a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_feature_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_feature_parameter) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Get a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_feature_setting**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_feature_setting) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/{name} | Get the setting of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_parameter_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_parameter_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Get build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_parameter_specification_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_parameter_specification_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Get build parameter specification.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_parameter_type_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_parameter_type_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Get type of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_parameter_value_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_parameter_value_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Get value of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_parameters_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_parameters_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Get build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_step**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_step) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Get a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_step_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_step_parameter) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Get a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_step_setting**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_step_setting) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/{fieldName} | Get the setting of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_template**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_template) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates/{templateLocator} | Get a template of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator} | Get build configuration matching the locator.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_type_build_tags**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_type_build_tags) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/buildTags | Get tags of builds of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_type_builds**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_type_builds) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/builds | Get builds of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_type_field**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_type_field) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_build_type_settings_file**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_build_type_settings_file) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_file_metadata_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_file_metadata_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_files_list_for_subpath_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_files_list_for_subpath_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/{path} | List files under this path.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_files_list_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_files_list_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest | List all files.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_snapshot_dependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_snapshot_dependency) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Get a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_trigger**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_trigger) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Get a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_trigger_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_trigger_parameter) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a parameter of a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_vcs_root**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_vcs_root) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Get a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_vcs_root_checkout_rules**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_vcs_root_checkout_rules) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator}/checkout-rules | Get checkout rules of a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_vcs_root_instances_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_vcs_root_instances_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcsRootInstances | Get all VCS root instances of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**get_zipped_file_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#get_zipped_file_of_build_type) | **get** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**remove_all_templates**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#remove_all_templates) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Detach all templates from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**remove_template**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#remove_template) | **delete** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates/{templateLocator} | Detach a template from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_agent_requirement**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_agent_requirement) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Update an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_all_agent_requirements**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_all_agent_requirements) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Update all agent requirements of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_all_artifact_dependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_all_artifact_dependencies) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Update all artifact dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_all_build_features**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_all_build_features) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Update all build features of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_all_build_steps**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_all_build_steps) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Update all build steps of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_all_snapshot_dependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_all_snapshot_dependencies) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Update all snapshot dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_all_triggers**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_all_triggers) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Update all triggers of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_all_vcs_roots**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_all_vcs_roots) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Update all VCS roots of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_artifact_dependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_artifact_dependency) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Update an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_build_feature**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_build_feature) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Update a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_build_feature_parameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_build_feature_parameters) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters | Update a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_build_step**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_build_step) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Replace a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_snapshot_dependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_snapshot_dependency) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Update a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replace_trigger**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replace_trigger) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Update a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**set_agent_requirement_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#set_agent_requirement_parameter) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**set_artifact_dependency_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#set_artifact_dependency_parameter) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**set_build_feature_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#set_build_feature_parameter) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/{name} | Update a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**set_build_step_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#set_build_step_parameter) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**set_build_type_field**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#set_build_type_field) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**set_build_type_templates**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#set_build_type_templates) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Update all templates of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**set_trigger_parameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#set_trigger_parameter) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**update_build_parameter_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#update_build_parameter_of_build_type) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Update build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**update_build_parameter_specification_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#update_build_parameter_specification_of_build_type) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Update build parameter specification.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**update_build_parameter_type_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#update_build_parameter_type_of_build_type) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Update type of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**update_build_parameter_value_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#update_build_parameter_value_of_build_type) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Update value of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**update_build_parameters_of_build_type**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#update_build_parameters_of_build_type) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Update build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**update_build_type_vcs_root**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#update_build_type_vcs_root) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Update a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**update_build_type_vcs_root_checkout_rules**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#update_build_type_vcs_root_checkout_rules) | **put** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator}/checkout-rules | Update checkout rules of a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_all_changes**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_all_changes) | **get** /app/rest/changes | Get all changes.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator} | Get change matching the locator.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_attributes**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_attributes) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/attributes | Get attributes of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_duplicates**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_duplicates) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/duplicates | Get duplicates of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_field**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_field) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_first_builds**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_first_builds) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/firstBuilds | Get first builds of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_issue**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_issue) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/issues | Get issues of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_parent_changes**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_parent_changes) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/parentChanges | Get parent changes of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_parent_revisions**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_parent_revisions) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/parentRevisions | Get parent revisions of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_related_build_types**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_related_build_types) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/buildTypes | Get build configurations related to the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**get_change_vcs_root**](docs/ChangeApi.md#get_change_vcs_root) | **get** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/vcsRootInstance | Get a VCS root instance of the matching change.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**get_all_cloud_images**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#get_all_cloud_images) | **get** /app/rest/cloud/images | Get all cloud images.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**get_all_cloud_instances**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#get_all_cloud_instances) | **get** /app/rest/cloud/instances | Get all cloud instances.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**get_all_cloud_profiles**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#get_all_cloud_profiles) | **get** /app/rest/cloud/profiles | Get all cloud profiles.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**get_cloud_image**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#get_cloud_image) | **get** /app/rest/cloud/images/{imageLocator} | Get cloud image matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**get_cloud_instance**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#get_cloud_instance) | **get** /app/rest/cloud/instances/{instanceLocator} | Get cloud instance matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**get_cloud_profile**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#get_cloud_profile) | **get** /app/rest/cloud/profiles/{profileLocator} | Get cloud profile matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**start_instance**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#start_instance) | **post** /app/rest/cloud/instances | Start a new cloud instance.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**stop_instance**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#stop_instance) | **delete** /app/rest/cloud/instances/{instanceLocator} | Stop cloud instance matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**add_group**](docs/GroupApi.md#add_group) | **post** /app/rest/userGroups | Add a new user group.
*GroupApi* | [**add_role_at_scope_to_group**](docs/GroupApi.md#add_role_at_scope_to_group) | **post** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Add a role with the specific scope to the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**add_role_to_group**](docs/GroupApi.md#add_role_to_group) | **post** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Add a role to the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**delete_group**](docs/GroupApi.md#delete_group) | **delete** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator} | Delete user group matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**get_all_groups**](docs/GroupApi.md#get_all_groups) | **get** /app/rest/userGroups | Get all user groups.
*GroupApi* | [**get_group_parent_groups**](docs/GroupApi.md#get_group_parent_groups) | **get** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/parent-groups | Get parent groups of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**get_group_properties**](docs/GroupApi.md#get_group_properties) | **get** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties | Get properties of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**get_group_property**](docs/GroupApi.md#get_group_property) | **get** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**get_group_role_at_scope**](docs/GroupApi.md#get_group_role_at_scope) | **get** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Get a role with the specific scope of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**get_group_roles**](docs/GroupApi.md#get_group_roles) | **get** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Get all roles of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**get_user_group_of_group**](docs/GroupApi.md#get_user_group_of_group) | **get** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator} | Get user group matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**remove_group_property**](docs/GroupApi.md#remove_group_property) | **delete** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Remove a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**remove_role_at_scope_from_group**](docs/GroupApi.md#remove_role_at_scope_from_group) | **delete** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Remove a role with the specific scope from the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**set_group_parent_groups**](docs/GroupApi.md#set_group_parent_groups) | **put** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/parent-groups | Update parent groups of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**set_group_property**](docs/GroupApi.md#set_group_property) | **put** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**set_group_roles**](docs/GroupApi.md#set_group_roles) | **put** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Update roles of the matching user group.
*InvestigationApi* | [**add_investigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#add_investigation) | **post** /app/rest/investigations | Create a new investigation.
*InvestigationApi* | [**add_multiple_investigations**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#add_multiple_investigations) | **post** /app/rest/investigations/multiple | Create multiple new investigations.
*InvestigationApi* | [**delete_investigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#delete_investigation) | **delete** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Delete investigation matching the locator.
*InvestigationApi* | [**get_all_investigations**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#get_all_investigations) | **get** /app/rest/investigations | Get all investigations.
*InvestigationApi* | [**get_investigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#get_investigation) | **get** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Get investigation matching the locator.
*InvestigationApi* | [**replace_investigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#replace_investigation) | **put** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Update investigation matching the locator.
*MuteApi* | [**get_all_muted_tests**](docs/MuteApi.md#get_all_muted_tests) | **get** /app/rest/mutes | Get all muted tests.
*MuteApi* | [**get_muted_test**](docs/MuteApi.md#get_muted_test) | **get** /app/rest/mutes/{muteLocator} | Get a muted test.
*MuteApi* | [**mute_multiple_tests**](docs/MuteApi.md#mute_multiple_tests) | **post** /app/rest/mutes/multiple | Mute multiple tests.
*MuteApi* | [**mute_test**](docs/MuteApi.md#mute_test) | **post** /app/rest/mutes | Mute a test.
*MuteApi* | [**unmute_test**](docs/MuteApi.md#unmute_test) | **delete** /app/rest/mutes/{muteLocator} | Unmute the matching test.
*ProblemApi* | [**get_all_build_problems**](docs/ProblemApi.md#get_all_build_problems) | **get** /app/rest/problems | Get all build problems.
*ProblemApi* | [**get_build_problem**](docs/ProblemApi.md#get_build_problem) | **get** /app/rest/problems/{problemLocator} | Get a matching build problem.
*ProblemOccurrenceApi* | [**get_all_build_problem_occurrences**](docs/ProblemOccurrenceApi.md#get_all_build_problem_occurrences) | **get** /app/rest/problemOccurrences | Get all build problem occurrences.
*ProblemOccurrenceApi* | [**get_build_problem_occurrence**](docs/ProblemOccurrenceApi.md#get_build_problem_occurrence) | **get** /app/rest/problemOccurrences/{problemLocator} | Get a matching build problem occurrence.
*ProjectApi* | [**add_agent_pools_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#add_agent_pools_project) | **post** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Assign the matching project to the agent pool.
*ProjectApi* | [**add_build_type**](docs/ProjectApi.md#add_build_type) | **post** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/buildTypes | Add a build configuration to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**add_feature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#add_feature) | **post** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Add a feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**add_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#add_project) | **post** /app/rest/projects | Create a new project.
*ProjectApi* | [**add_secure_token**](docs/ProjectApi.md#add_secure_token) | **post** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/secure/tokens | Create a new secure token for the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**add_template**](docs/ProjectApi.md#add_template) | **post** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/templates | Add a build configuration template to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**create_build_parameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#create_build_parameter) | **post** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Create a build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**delete_build_parameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#delete_build_parameter) | **delete** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Delete build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**delete_build_parameters**](docs/ProjectApi.md#delete_build_parameters) | **delete** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Delete all build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**delete_feature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#delete_feature) | **delete** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Delete a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**delete_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#delete_project) | **delete** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator} | Delete project matching the locator.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_agent_pools_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_agent_pools_project) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Get agent pools appointed to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_all_branches**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_all_branches) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/branches | Get all branches of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_all_projects**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_all_projects) | **get** /app/rest/projects | Get all projects.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_all_subprojects_ordered**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_all_subprojects_ordered) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/projects | Get all subprojects ordered of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_build_parameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_build_parameter) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Get build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_build_parameter_specification**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_build_parameter_specification) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Get build parameter specification.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_build_parameter_type**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_build_parameter_type) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Get type of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_build_parameter_value**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_build_parameter_value) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Get value of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_build_parameters**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_build_parameters) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Get build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_default_template**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_default_template) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Get the default template of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_feature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_feature) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Get a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_features**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_features) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Get all features.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_project) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator} | Get project matching the locator.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_project_field**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_project_field) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_project_parent_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_project_parent_project) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parentProject | Get the parent project of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_project_settings_file**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_project_settings_file) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching build configuration.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_project_templates**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_project_templates) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/templates | Get all templates of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**get_secure_value**](docs/ProjectApi.md#get_secure_value) | **get** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/secure/values/{token} | Get a secure token of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**remove_default_template**](docs/ProjectApi.md#remove_default_template) | **delete** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Remove the default template from the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**remove_project_from_agent_pool**](docs/ProjectApi.md#remove_project_from_agent_pool) | **delete** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Unassign a project from the matching agent pool.
*ProjectApi* | [**set_agent_pools_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#set_agent_pools_project) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Update agent pools apppointed to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**set_build_types_order**](docs/ProjectApi.md#set_build_types_order) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/buildTypes | Update all build configurations order of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**set_default_template**](docs/ProjectApi.md#set_default_template) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Update the default template of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**set_parent_project**](docs/ProjectApi.md#set_parent_project) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parentProject | Update the parent project of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**set_project_field**](docs/ProjectApi.md#set_project_field) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**set_subprojects_order**](docs/ProjectApi.md#set_subprojects_order) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/projects | Update all subprojects order of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**update_build_parameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#update_build_parameter) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Update build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**update_build_parameter_specification**](docs/ProjectApi.md#update_build_parameter_specification) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Update build parameter specification.
*ProjectApi* | [**update_build_parameter_type**](docs/ProjectApi.md#update_build_parameter_type) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Update type of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**update_build_parameter_value**](docs/ProjectApi.md#update_build_parameter_value) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Update value of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**update_build_parameters**](docs/ProjectApi.md#update_build_parameters) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Update build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**update_feature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#update_feature) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Update a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**update_features**](docs/ProjectApi.md#update_features) | **put** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Update all features.
*RootApi* | [**get_api_version**](docs/RootApi.md#get_api_version) | **get** /app/rest/apiVersion | Get the API version.
*RootApi* | [**get_plugin_info**](docs/RootApi.md#get_plugin_info) | **get** /app/rest/info | Get the plugin info.
*RootApi* | [**get_root_endpoints_of_root**](docs/RootApi.md#get_root_endpoints_of_root) | **get** /app/rest | Get root endpoints.
*RootApi* | [**get_version**](docs/RootApi.md#get_version) | **get** /app/rest/version | Get the TeamCity server version.
*ServerApi* | [**add_license_keys**](docs/ServerApi.md#add_license_keys) | **post** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys | Add license keys.
*ServerApi* | [**delete_license_key**](docs/ServerApi.md#delete_license_key) | **delete** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys/{licenseKey} | Delete a license key.
*ServerApi* | [**download_file_of_server**](docs/ServerApi.md#download_file_of_server) | **get** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/files{path} | Download specific file.
*ServerApi* | [**get_all_metrics**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_all_metrics) | **get** /app/rest/server/metrics | Get metrics.
*ServerApi* | [**get_all_plugins**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_all_plugins) | **get** /app/rest/server/plugins | Get all plugins.
*ServerApi* | [**get_backup_status**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_backup_status) | **get** /app/rest/server/backup | Get the latest backup status.
*ServerApi* | [**get_file_metadata_of_server**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_file_metadata_of_server) | **get** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*ServerApi* | [**get_files_list_for_subpath_of_server**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_files_list_for_subpath_of_server) | **get** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/{path} | List files under this path.
*ServerApi* | [**get_files_list_of_server**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_files_list_of_server) | **get** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId} | List all files.
*ServerApi* | [**get_license_key**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_license_key) | **get** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys/{licenseKey} | Get a license key.
*ServerApi* | [**get_license_keys**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_license_keys) | **get** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys | Get all license keys.
*ServerApi* | [**get_licensing_data**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_licensing_data) | **get** /app/rest/server/licensingData | Get the licensing data.
*ServerApi* | [**get_server_field**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_server_field) | **get** /app/rest/server/{field} | Get a field of the server info.
*ServerApi* | [**get_server_info**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_server_info) | **get** /app/rest/server | Get the server info.
*ServerApi* | [**get_zipped_file_of_server**](docs/ServerApi.md#get_zipped_file_of_server) | **get** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*ServerApi* | [**start_backup**](docs/ServerApi.md#start_backup) | **post** /app/rest/server/backup | Start a new backup.
*TestApi* | [**get_test**](docs/TestApi.md#get_test) | **get** /app/rest/tests/{testLocator} | Get a matching test.
*TestApi* | [**get_tests**](docs/TestApi.md#get_tests) | **get** /app/rest/tests | Get all tests.
*TestOccurrenceApi* | [**get_all_test_occurrences**](docs/TestOccurrenceApi.md#get_all_test_occurrences) | **get** /app/rest/testOccurrences | Get all test occurrences.
*TestOccurrenceApi* | [**get_test_occurrence**](docs/TestOccurrenceApi.md#get_test_occurrence) | **get** /app/rest/testOccurrences/{testLocator} | Get a matching test occurrence.
*UserApi* | [**add_role_to_user**](docs/UserApi.md#add_role_to_user) | **post** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Add a role to the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**add_role_to_user_at_scope**](docs/UserApi.md#add_role_to_user_at_scope) | **put** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Add a role with the specific scope to the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**add_user**](docs/UserApi.md#add_user) | **post** /app/rest/users | Create a new user.
*UserApi* | [**add_user_token**](docs/UserApi.md#add_user_token) | **post** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens | Create a new authentication token for the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**delete_user**](docs/UserApi.md#delete_user) | **delete** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Delete user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**delete_user_field**](docs/UserApi.md#delete_user_field) | **delete** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Remove a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**delete_user_token**](docs/UserApi.md#delete_user_token) | **delete** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens/{name} | Remove an authentication token from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**ger_user_field**](docs/UserApi.md#ger_user_field) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_all_user_groups**](docs/UserApi.md#get_all_user_groups) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups | Get all groups of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_all_user_roles**](docs/UserApi.md#get_all_user_roles) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Get all user roles of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_all_users**](docs/UserApi.md#get_all_users) | **get** /app/rest/users | Get all users.
*UserApi* | [**get_user**](docs/UserApi.md#get_user) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Get user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**get_user_group**](docs/UserApi.md#get_user_group) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups/{groupLocator} | Get a user group of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_user_permissions**](docs/UserApi.md#get_user_permissions) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/permissions | Get all permissions effective for the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_user_properties**](docs/UserApi.md#get_user_properties) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_user_property**](docs/UserApi.md#get_user_property) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_user_roles_at_scope**](docs/UserApi.md#get_user_roles_at_scope) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Get a user role with the specific scope from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**get_user_tokens**](docs/UserApi.md#get_user_tokens) | **get** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens | Get all authentication tokens of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**remove_user_from_group**](docs/UserApi.md#remove_user_from_group) | **delete** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups/{groupLocator} | Remove the matching user from the specific group.
*UserApi* | [**remove_user_property**](docs/UserApi.md#remove_user_property) | **delete** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Remove a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**remove_user_remember_me**](docs/UserApi.md#remove_user_remember_me) | **delete** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/debug/rememberMe | Remove the RememberMe data of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**remove_user_role_at_scope**](docs/UserApi.md#remove_user_role_at_scope) | **delete** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Remove a role with the specific scope from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**replace_user**](docs/UserApi.md#replace_user) | **put** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Update user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**set_user_field**](docs/UserApi.md#set_user_field) | **put** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**set_user_groups**](docs/UserApi.md#set_user_groups) | **put** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups | Update groups of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**set_user_property**](docs/UserApi.md#set_user_property) | **put** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**set_user_roles**](docs/UserApi.md#set_user_roles) | **put** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Update user roles of the matching user.
*VcsRootApi* | [**add_vcs_root**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#add_vcs_root) | **post** /app/rest/vcs-roots | Add a new VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**delete_all_vcs_root_properties**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#delete_all_vcs_root_properties) | **delete** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Delete all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**delete_vcs_root**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#delete_vcs_root) | **delete** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator} | Remove VCS root matching the locator.
*VcsRootApi* | [**delete_vcs_root_property**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#delete_vcs_root_property) | **delete** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Delete a property of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**get_all_vcs_root_properties**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#get_all_vcs_root_properties) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**get_all_vcs_roots**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#get_all_vcs_roots) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-roots | Get all VCS roots.
*VcsRootApi* | [**get_root_endpoints**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#get_root_endpoints) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator} | Get root endpoints.
*VcsRootApi* | [**get_vcs_root_field**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#get_vcs_root_field) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**get_vcs_root_instances**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#get_vcs_root_instances) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/instances | Get all VCS root instances of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**get_vcs_root_property**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#get_vcs_root_property) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property on the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**get_vcs_root_settings_file**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#get_vcs_root_settings_file) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**set_vcs_root_field**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#set_vcs_root_field) | **put** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**set_vcs_root_properties**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#set_vcs_root_properties) | **put** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Update all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**set_vcs_root_property**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#set_vcs_root_property) | **put** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**delete_vcs_root_instance_field**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#delete_vcs_root_instance_field) | **delete** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Remove a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**delete_vcs_root_instance_repository_state**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#delete_vcs_root_instance_repository_state) | **delete** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Delete the last repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**download_file**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#download_file) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/files{path} | Download specific file.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_all_vcs_root_instances**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_all_vcs_root_instances) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances | Get all VCS root instances.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_file_metadata**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_file_metadata) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_files_list**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_files_list) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest | List all files.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_files_list_for_subpath**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_files_list_for_subpath) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/{path} | List files under this path.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_vcs_root_instance**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_vcs_root_instance) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator} | Get VCS root instance matching the locator.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_vcs_root_instance_creation_date**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_vcs_root_instance_creation_date) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState/creationDate | Get the creation date of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_vcs_root_instance_field**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_vcs_root_instance_field) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_vcs_root_instance_properties**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_vcs_root_instance_properties) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_vcs_root_instance_repository_state**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_vcs_root_instance_repository_state) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Get the repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**get_zipped_file**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#get_zipped_file) | **get** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**request_pending_changes_check**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#request_pending_changes_check) | **post** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/checkingForChangesQueue | Check for the pending changes for all VCS root instances.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**set_vcs_root_instance_field**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#set_vcs_root_instance_field) | **put** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**set_vcs_root_instance_repository_state**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#set_vcs_root_instance_repository_state) | **put** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Update the repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**trigger_commit_hook_notification**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#trigger_commit_hook_notification) | **post** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/commitHookNotification | Send the commit hook notification.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Agent](docs/Agent.md)
 - [AgentLocator](docs/AgentLocator.md)
 - [AgentPool](docs/AgentPool.md)
 - [AgentPoolLocator](docs/AgentPoolLocator.md)
 - [AgentPools](docs/AgentPools.md)
 - [AgentRequirement](docs/AgentRequirement.md)
 - [AgentRequirements](docs/AgentRequirements.md)
 - [Agents](docs/Agents.md)
 - [ArtifactDependencies](docs/ArtifactDependencies.md)
 - [ArtifactDependency](docs/ArtifactDependency.md)
 - [AuditAction](docs/AuditAction.md)
 - [AuditEvent](docs/AuditEvent.md)
 - [AuditEvents](docs/AuditEvents.md)
 - [AuditLocator](docs/AuditLocator.md)
 - [AuthorizedInfo](docs/AuthorizedInfo.md)
 - [Branch](docs/Branch.md)
 - [BranchLocator](docs/BranchLocator.md)
 - [BranchVersion](docs/BranchVersion.md)
 - [Branches](docs/Branches.md)
 - [Build](docs/Build.md)
 - [BuildCancelRequest](docs/BuildCancelRequest.md)
 - [BuildChange](docs/BuildChange.md)
 - [BuildChanges](docs/BuildChanges.md)
 - [BuildLocator](docs/BuildLocator.md)
 - [BuildQueueLocator](docs/BuildQueueLocator.md)
 - [BuildTriggeringOptions](docs/BuildTriggeringOptions.md)
 - [BuildType](docs/BuildType.md)
 - [BuildTypeLocator](docs/BuildTypeLocator.md)
 - [BuildTypes](docs/BuildTypes.md)
 - [Builds](docs/Builds.md)
 - [Change](docs/Change.md)
 - [ChangeLocator](docs/ChangeLocator.md)
 - [Changes](docs/Changes.md)
 - [CloudImage](docs/CloudImage.md)
 - [CloudImages](docs/CloudImages.md)
 - [CloudInstance](docs/CloudInstance.md)
 - [CloudInstances](docs/CloudInstances.md)
 - [CloudProfile](docs/CloudProfile.md)
 - [CloudProfiles](docs/CloudProfiles.md)
 - [Comment](docs/Comment.md)
 - [Compatibilities](docs/Compatibilities.md)
 - [Compatibility](docs/Compatibility.md)
 - [CompatibilityPolicy](docs/CompatibilityPolicy.md)
 - [Customizations](docs/Customizations.md)
 - [Datas](docs/Datas.md)
 - [EnabledInfo](docs/EnabledInfo.md)
 - [Entries](docs/Entries.md)
 - [Entry](docs/Entry.md)
 - [Environment](docs/Environment.md)
 - [Feature](docs/Feature.md)
 - [Features](docs/Features.md)
 - [File](docs/File.md)
 - [FileChange](docs/FileChange.md)
 - [FileChanges](docs/FileChanges.md)
 - [Files](docs/Files.md)
 - [Group](docs/Group.md)
 - [Groups](docs/Groups.md)
 - [Href](docs/Href.md)
 - [Investigation](docs/Investigation.md)
 - [InvestigationLocator](docs/InvestigationLocator.md)
 - [Investigations](docs/Investigations.md)
 - [Issue](docs/Issue.md)
 - [IssueUsage](docs/IssueUsage.md)
 - [Issues](docs/Issues.md)
 - [IssuesUsages](docs/IssuesUsages.md)
 - [Items](docs/Items.md)
 - [LicenseKey](docs/LicenseKey.md)
 - [LicenseKeys](docs/LicenseKeys.md)
 - [LicensingData](docs/LicensingData.md)
 - [Link](docs/Link.md)
 - [Links](docs/Links.md)
 - [MetaData](docs/MetaData.md)
 - [Metric](docs/Metric.md)
 - [MetricTag](docs/MetricTag.md)
 - [MetricTags](docs/MetricTags.md)
 - [MetricValue](docs/MetricValue.md)
 - [MetricValues](docs/MetricValues.md)
 - [Metrics](docs/Metrics.md)
 - [ModelType](docs/ModelType.md)
 - [MultipleOperationResult](docs/MultipleOperationResult.md)
 - [Mute](docs/Mute.md)
 - [MuteLocator](docs/MuteLocator.md)
 - [Mutes](docs/Mutes.md)
 - [NewBuildTypeDescription](docs/NewBuildTypeDescription.md)
 - [NewProjectDescription](docs/NewProjectDescription.md)
 - [OperationResult](docs/OperationResult.md)
 - [ParsedTestName](docs/ParsedTestName.md)
 - [Permission](docs/Permission.md)
 - [PermissionAssignment](docs/PermissionAssignment.md)
 - [PermissionAssignments](docs/PermissionAssignments.md)
 - [PermissionRestriction](docs/PermissionRestriction.md)
 - [PermissionRestrictions](docs/PermissionRestrictions.md)
 - [PinInfo](docs/PinInfo.md)
 - [Plugin](docs/Plugin.md)
 - [Plugins](docs/Plugins.md)
 - [Problem](docs/Problem.md)
 - [ProblemLocator](docs/ProblemLocator.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrence](docs/ProblemOccurrence.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrenceLocator](docs/ProblemOccurrenceLocator.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrences](docs/ProblemOccurrences.md)
 - [ProblemScope](docs/ProblemScope.md)
 - [ProblemTarget](docs/ProblemTarget.md)
 - [Problems](docs/Problems.md)
 - [ProgressInfo](docs/ProgressInfo.md)
 - [Project](docs/Project.md)
 - [ProjectFeature](docs/ProjectFeature.md)
 - [ProjectFeatures](docs/ProjectFeatures.md)
 - [ProjectLocator](docs/ProjectLocator.md)
 - [Projects](docs/Projects.md)
 - [Properties](docs/Properties.md)
 - [Property](docs/Property.md)
 - [Related](docs/Related.md)
 - [RelatedEntities](docs/RelatedEntities.md)
 - [RelatedEntity](docs/RelatedEntity.md)
 - [RepositoryState](docs/RepositoryState.md)
 - [Requirements](docs/Requirements.md)
 - [Resolution](docs/Resolution.md)
 - [Revision](docs/Revision.md)
 - [Revisions](docs/Revisions.md)
 - [Role](docs/Role.md)
 - [Roles](docs/Roles.md)
 - [Server](docs/Server.md)
 - [SnapshotDependencies](docs/SnapshotDependencies.md)
 - [SnapshotDependency](docs/SnapshotDependency.md)
 - [StateField](docs/StateField.md)
 - [Step](docs/Step.md)
 - [Steps](docs/Steps.md)
 - [Tag](docs/Tag.md)
 - [TagLocator](docs/TagLocator.md)
 - [Tags](docs/Tags.md)
 - [Test](docs/Test.md)
 - [TestCounters](docs/TestCounters.md)
 - [TestLocator](docs/TestLocator.md)
 - [TestOccurrence](docs/TestOccurrence.md)
 - [TestOccurrenceLocator](docs/TestOccurrenceLocator.md)
 - [TestOccurrences](docs/TestOccurrences.md)
 - [TestRunMetadata](docs/TestRunMetadata.md)
 - [Tests](docs/Tests.md)
 - [Token](docs/Token.md)
 - [Tokens](docs/Tokens.md)
 - [Trigger](docs/Trigger.md)
 - [TriggeredBy](docs/TriggeredBy.md)
 - [Triggers](docs/Triggers.md)
 - [TypedValue](docs/TypedValue.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)
 - [UserGroupLocator](docs/UserGroupLocator.md)
 - [UserLocator](docs/UserLocator.md)
 - [Users](docs/Users.md)
 - [VcsCheckStatus](docs/VcsCheckStatus.md)
 - [VcsLabel](docs/VcsLabel.md)
 - [VcsLabels](docs/VcsLabels.md)
 - [VcsRoot](docs/VcsRoot.md)
 - [VcsRootEntries](docs/VcsRootEntries.md)
 - [VcsRootEntry](docs/VcsRootEntry.md)
 - [VcsRootInstance](docs/VcsRootInstance.md)
 - [VcsRootInstanceLocator](docs/VcsRootInstanceLocator.md)
 - [VcsRootInstances](docs/VcsRootInstances.md)
 - [VcsRootLocator](docs/VcsRootLocator.md)
 - [VcsRoots](docs/VcsRoots.md)
 - [VcsStatus](docs/VcsStatus.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author



